readme.md, before:

# gulp-zip [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-zip.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-zip)

> ZIP compress files


## Install

```
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-zip
```


## Usage

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const zip = require('gulp-zip');

exports.default = () => (
	gulp.src('src/*')
		.pipe(zip('archive.zip'))
		.pipe(gulp.dest('dist'))
);
```


## API

Supports [streaming mode](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/blob/master/docs/API.md#optionsbuffer). The output will switch automatically to streaming mode if the zip size exceeds [the maximum length of a buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html#buffer_buffer_constants_max_length).

### zip(filename, options?)

#### filename

Type: `string`

#### options

Type: `object`

##### compress

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `true`

##### modifiedTime

Type: `Date`<br>
Default: `undefined`

Overrides the modification timestamp for all files added to the archive.

Tip: Setting it to the same value across executions enables you to create stable archives that change only when the contents of their entries change, regardless of whether those entries were "touched" or regenerated.

Commit message:

Add buffer option and document

readme.md, after:

# gulp-zip [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-zip.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/gulp-zip)

> ZIP compress files


## Install

```
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-zip
```


## Usage

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const zip = require('gulp-zip');

exports.default = () => (
	gulp.src('src/*')
		.pipe(zip('archive.zip'))
		.pipe(gulp.dest('dist'))
);
```


## API

### zip(filename, options?)

#### filename

Type: `string`

#### options

Type: `object`

##### compress

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `true`

##### modifiedTime

Type: `Date`<br>
Default: `undefined`

Overrides the modification timestamp for all files added to the archive.

Tip: Setting it to the same value across executions enables you to create stable archives that change only when the contents of their entries change, regardless of whether those entries were "touched" or regenerated.

##### buffer

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `true`

If `true`, the resulting zip file contents will be a buffer. Large zip files may not be possible to buffer, depending on the size of [Buffer MAX_LENGTH](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html#buffer_buffer_constants_max_length).
If `false`, the zip file contents will be a stream.

Similar to [gulp.src's `buffer` option](https://gulpjs.com/docs/en/api/src/#options).
